Add CHANGELOG for v0.56.0 (#951)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.56.0 [2022-04-13]

_What's new?_

- New tables added
  - [aws_cost_by_record_type_daily](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_cost_by_record_type_daily) ([#950](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/950))
  - [aws_cost_by_record_type_monthly](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_cost_by_record_type_monthly) ([#950](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/950))
  - [aws_wafregional_rule](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_wafregional_rule) ([#931](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/931))

> - Added `max_error_retry_attempts` and `min_error_retry_delay` optional config arguments to customize the error retry mechanism. For more information please see [AWS plugin configuration](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws#configuration). ([#914](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/914))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added optional config arguments `max_error_retry_attempts` and `min_error_retry_delay` to allow customization of the error retry timings. For more information please see [AWS plugin configuration](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws#configuration). ([#914](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/914))
```
